Revamp the twilio connector (#209)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-twilio: docs/spec/wrapper.md

# Sanitizations for client
After generating the client using open api specification, the following modifications are made to the generated client by introducing a wrapper client.

> Remove the `string accountSid` parameter from all non-account-related functions and add it as an optional parameter to each function, with the default parameter set to `accountSid` in the initial client configurations.

Reviewer: Lets use point form in here similar to the OAS sanitisations doc
```suggestion
1. Removed the `string accountSid` parameter from all non-account-related functions and add it as an optional parameter to each function, with the default parameter set to `accountSid` in the initial client configurations.
```

Author: Addressed in [e53338e](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-twilio/pull/209/commits/e53338ef5bd6bd3cc6640678b571a81183fbdbbf)

For example, the function:

```ballerina
remote isolated function createCall(string accountSid, CreateCallRequest payload) returns Call|error {
}
```

> should be restructured to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is restructured as:
```

Author: Addressed in [e53338e](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-twilio/pull/209/commits/e53338ef5bd6bd3cc6640678b571a81183fbdbbf)
